PPTT-2696 added custom events section (#632)
PiwikPRO/PPMS-PublicDocs: data_collection/web/guides.rst

----------------------

Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop p

Custom Events
-------------

> Custom events enable tracking user actions that do not have dedicated methods in the existing tracker API, allowing web analysts to accurately measure and analyze any domain. Many integrations, including those offered by Tag Manager, use custom events for tracking actions detectable only on client-side, e.g. scrolling a page, viewing images, interacting with a video player, filling forms etc.

Reviewer: Let's stick to one version and refer to the person viewing the website (whose actions are being tracked) as `visitor`.

There were some occurrences of the `user` in the previous PRs. Please check your PRs against the `user` and replace it with the `visitor`

```suggestion
Custom events enable tracking of the visitor actions that do not have dedicated methods in the existing tracker API, allowing web analysts to accurately measure and analyze any domain. Many integrations, including those offered by Tag Manager, use custom events for tracking actions detectable only on client-side, e.g. scrolling a page, viewing images, interacting with a video player, filling forms etc.
```

Custom event name and custom event value are optional. You can skip them if there are not meaningful in you use case.

.. code:: JavaScript

    _paq.push(["trackEvent", "category", "action"]); // skip both name and value
    _paq.push(["trackEvent", "category", "action", "name"]); // skip only value
    _paq.push(["trackEvent", "category", "action", undefined, 10.0]); // skip only name

Very often we want to track actions triggered by users some time after the page has loaded. One way to do that, is adding tracking code to event handling attributes of HTML elements, e.g. ``onclick`` attribute of ``button`` element.

.. code:: html

    <button onclick="likePost(); _paq.push(['trackEvent', 'social', 'like-post', 'top-10-attractions-in-london'])">Like</button>

.. warning::

    When tracking custom events this way, make sure HTML events trigger both the intended action and tracking code.

.. note::

    Notice the change in string quotation style. Because ``onclick`` attribute content is quoted with double quotes, to avoid conflicts, strings in ``_paq.push`` have been surrounded with single quotes.

> Tracking more sophisticated events might require attaching listeners to DOM elements in a script and using :ref:`trackEvent<trackCustomEvent>` inside, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracking more sophisticated events might require attaching listeners to the DOM elements in a script and using :ref:`trackEvent<trackCustomEvent>` inside, for example:
```
